The text implies that the person is not going to have dessert.
The text implies that one should not eat pudding.
The text implies that dessert should not be served.
The text implies that the pudding should not be served.
The text implies that the person should enjoy the dessert that they have been served.
The text implies that you should eat the pudding.
The text implies that the music is loud and the sound system is not very good, but the drinks are expensive.
The music is too loud, the sound system is poor and the bottle minimum is high.
The text implies that the restaurant has loud music, bad sound system and has a minimum of 100 dollar beverage.
The text implies that the place has bad sound system and high beverage minimum.
The place is expensive and has bad sound system.
The text implies that the pizza was large and tasty.
The burger was a large size and it was enjoyed by the person who ate it.
The burger was very large and tasty.
The text implies that the burger was tasty and filling.
The text implies that everything on the menu is delicious.
The text implies that the food at the restaurant is delicious.
The text implies that the Thai noodles and the appetizers are delicious.
The text implies that the Thai noodles and the appetizers are both delicious.
The text implies that all the food options are delicious.
The sushi was affordable
The text implies that the sushi was a good deal.
The text implies that the sushi was good and the discounted price was a good deal.
The text implies that the person enjoyed the sushi and thought it was a good deal.
The text implies that the sushi deal was not good.
The text implies that the sushi was not worth the price even with the discount.
The text implies that the customer was not satisfied with the service they received.
The text implies that the person tipped poorly and the waiter/waitress was unhappy with the tip.
The text implies that the tip was too small.
The food is prepared in a timely manner.
The food is prepared quickly.
The text implies that the food is prepared quickly and without any issues.
The text implies that the item is worth buying.
The text implies that the speaker is very much in favor of the idea.
The text implies that the action is not recommended and should be avoided.
The text implies that the decour was pleasant, but the hall was noisy because the restaurant was full and they had to raise their voices in order to maintain a conversation.
The text implies that the ambiance was nice, even though it was noisy because the restaurant was full.
The text implies that the restaurant was full, noisy, and had a classic French ambiance.
The text implies that the restaurant is full and noisy, but the atmosphere is still enjoyable.
The text implies that the restaurant was enjoyable but noisy, with a lot of people.
The text implies that the lox is always fresh and good.
The text implies that the smoked salmon is always fresh.
The lox is usually tasty.
The text implies that the smoked salmon is of high quality.
The text implies that the lox is always inedible.
The text implies that the smoked salmon is always smelly and/or tastes bad.
The text implies that the restaurant has the freshest, best variety of food, and the fastest delivery.
The text implies that the place has the best quality and services.
The text implies that the service is of the highest quality.
The text implies that the service is highly reliable and efficient.
The text implies that the product is of the highest quality, has the widest selection, and is delivered quickly.
The text implies that the food was very good.
The text implies that the meal was large, but even so, nothing was left.
The text implies that the amount of food was too much for two people but was enjoyed nonetheless.
The text implies that the atmosphere of the place was enjoyable and the person did not mind not having a drink.
The text implies that the person likes the ambiance of the place and did not mind the service.
The text implies that the atmosphere of the place was enjoyable and positive.
The text implies that the person did not complain about the ambiance because they enjoyed it.
The text implies that the person was not happy with the ambiance.
The text implies that the atmosphere was so bad that the speaker didn't even bother to complain.
The text implies that the level of service is excellent.
The text implies that the staff are helpful and friendly.
The text implies that the service is above and beyond expectations.
The text implies that the customer service was good.
The text implies that the service was not good.
The service is poor.
The text implies that the restaurant is not gimmicky or themed like many other NYC restaurants.
The text implies that the eatery is not a typical NYC gimmick theme eatery.
The text implies that the restaurant is not like others in NYC and that it has a gimmicky theme.
The text implies that the eatery is not typical of other NYC eateries.
The text implies that the restaurant is a typical NYC gimmick theme restaurant.
The text implies that the eatery is a tourist trap.
The text implies that my boyfriend had Prime Rib and enjoyed it.
The text implies that my boyfriend enjoyed the steak.
The text implies that the Prime Rib was tasty.
The text implies that the steak was juicy and flavorful.
The text implies that the Prime Rib was not good.
The steak was good but not enough to satisfy the boyfriend's expectations.
The text implies the manager was not friendly and did not want the customer to stay.
The text implies that the supervisor was rude to the customer.
The text implies that the establishment does not serve open faced cheese sandwiches and that the supervisor was not happy about the request.
The food is good.
The cuisine served here is Cantonese and it is very good.
The food was authentic and delicious.
The food here is Cantonese and it is very good.
The text implies that the food is not very good.
The food is not Cantonese.
The service was fast and efficient but the staff was a bit too eager.
The text implies that the assistance was given quickly but not very thoroughly.
The text implies that the assistance was provided quickly, but the assistance provider was not patient.
The text implies that the assistance was provided quickly and the person who provided it was somewhat rushed.
The text implies that the lamb shank was well cooked.
The text implies that the lamb shank was cooked slowly in red wine and was very good.
The text implies that I liked the braised lamb shank in red wine.
The text implies that the person ordered the slow cooked lamb shank in red wine which was superb.
The text implies that the person did not like the braised lamb shank in red wine.
The text implies that the lamb shank was not up to the expected standard.
the salad was better than any other salad the author has had in a fast food restaurant
The bowl of greens was very good.
The text implies that the salad was high-quality and better than other salads in fast food restaurants.
The bowl of greens is the best the writer has had at a fast food restaurant.
The text implies that the salad is poor quality.
The text implies that the bowl of greens was not good.
The food is good, the service is fast, the prices are affordable and the music is good.
The text implies that the food at this restaurant is good, has fast service, and is reasonably priced.
The text implies that the food is good, the service is fast, and the prices are affordable.
The text implies that the place has good food, good service, and good prices.
The text implies that the place has good food, good service, and good prices.
The text implies that the place has exceptional food, speedy assistance, and affordable prices.
The text implies that the food is good, the staff is helpful, and the prices are reasonable.
The text implies that the restaurant has good sound, food, and customer service, and is affordable.
The text implies that the characters are funny and enjoyable.
The text implies that the people working at a place are friendly and make it a positive experience for customers.
The text implies that the individuals are friendly and make the experience pleasant.
The text implies that the characters are unpleasant and cause a negative experience.
The text implies that the individuals were unpleasant and made the experience negative.
The text implies that the food was good, the price was good, and the atmosphere was good.
The text implies that the restaurant is highly recommended.
The food and service were good.
The text implies that the food was great, the price was great, and the location was great.
The food was great, the price was good, and the atmosphere was amazing.
The place was calm and enjoyable.
The spot was relaxing.
The spot was calm and enjoyable.
The text implies that the spot was pleasant and relaxing.
The text implies that the spicy tuna roll is very good and reasonably priced.
The text implies that the fiery tuna roll is a good value.
The fiery Tuna roll is substantial.
The text implies that the person likes the tuna roll and that it is a good value for the price.
The text implies that the place is not family-friendly and is not good for general dining.
The text implies that the establishment is not suitable for families or general dining.
The text implies that the place is not good for families or for general dining.
The text implies that the place is not family-friendly and is not suitable for general dining.
The text implies that the place is okay, but not the best.
The text implies that the place is not bad for family or general dining.
The text implies that the person enjoyed the restaurant and will be going back.
The text implies that the restaurant is very good and that the author is a regular customer.
The food is good, the service is good.
The text implies that the food is good and the service is good.
The text implies that the food is great, the service is great, and the customer is happy.
The food is delicious and the staff is friendly and helpful.
The text implies that the cuisine is delicious and the service is excellent.
The staff are friendly and helpful, and the food is high quality and delicious.
The text implies that the food is good, the staff is friendly and helpful, and the environment is welcoming.
The cuisine is very good and the staff is very friendly and helpful.
The text implies that the person has had positive experiences at the place in the past.
The text implies that the person has had three positive experiences at the location.
The text implies that the person has had negative experiences at the place three times.
The text implies that being overly polite or using a foreign accent is not enough to make up for poor service.
The text implies that the Italian charm is not sufficient to replace proper assistance.
The text implies that the service was not good despite the staff's efforts to be friendly.
The text implies that the Italian charm and constant mille grazie is not enough to qualify as appropriate assistance.
The text implies that the constant use of the Italian phrase "mille grazie" (thank you very much) does not reflect proper service.
The text implies that the person was trying to be overly helpful.
The text implies that the price is not worth the value of the product or service.
The text implies that the money paid for the service was not worth it.
The text implies that the money paid was worth the purchase.
The text implies that the restaurant is not good and that the reviewer does not recommend it.
The text implies that the restaurant is not a good place to eat.
The text implies that the restaurant is not good and should be avoided.
The text implies the restaurant is not recommended, due to unpleasant assistance and medicore cuisine.
The text implies that the place is unpleasant and not worth visiting.
The text implies that the customer had a negative experience at the restaurant.
The person had a good time at the Jekyll and Hyde.
The text implies that the person had a positive experience at Jekyll and Hyde .
The text implies that the writer had a bad experience at Jekyll and Hyde.
The text implies that the place is a fun and happy place to eat.
The text implies that the restaurant is welcoming and that you will feel happy while you eat there.
The text implies that the place is not a pleasant experience.
The text implies that the staff is friendly and helpful.
The text implies that the team is friendly and helpful.
The text implies that the team is kind and friendly.
The text implies that the team at the location is polite, humble, and friendly.
The text implies that the speaker was surprised in a positive way.
I was surprised in a good way .
the text implies that the person was not happy with the outcome
The text implies that the waitstaff was friendly and considerate.
The text implies that the servers were friendly and made the patrons feel welcome.
The text implies that the servers were very friendly and accommodating.
The text implies that the servers were very kind and understanding.
The text implies that the wait staff is friendly and attractive.
The server was pleasant, fun, and beautiful.
The servers are friendly and good-looking.
The text implies that the servers are friendly, fun, and attractive.
The text implies that the server is attractive and friendly.
The text implies that the person had a negative experience at the place.
The text implies that the speaker had a negative experience at the location.
The text implies that the place is not good enough to warrant a return visit.
The text implies that the user is dissatisfied with the spot.
The text implies that the place was enjoyable and worth returning to.
The text implies that the person will visit the place again because they enjoyed it.
The text implies that the person had a positive experience and would recommend the place to others.
The text implies that the reviewer enjoyed their experience and would recommend it to others.
The text implies that the person does not recommend the place and would not go there again.
The text implies that the place is scenic.
The text implies that the place is a good location to take out-of-towners to watch the sunset.
The text implies that the place is beautiful and that there is a great view of the sunset.
The text implies that "this" is a good place to visit.
The text implies that the place is not suitable for tourists but is a good place to watch the sunset.
The text implies that the location is not for tourists, but is suitable for a romantic evening.
The text implies that the place is well-liked and popular.
The text implies that the spot is generally busy.
The text implies that the spot is very popular and that many people want to go there.
The text implies that the spot is well-known and popular.
The text implies that the person enjoyed the experience and wants to repeat it.
The text implies that the person enjoyed their experience at the store and will be returning in the future.
The text implies that the person will not return to the place again.
The text implies that the atmosphere is typical of a Sushi establishment in Tokyo.
It is a Sushi establishment in Tokyo
The sushi establishment in Tokyo is not remarkable.
The text implies that the ambiance is not remarkable, but it feels like a sushi establishment in Tokyo.
The sushi establishment in Tokyo is ordinary.
The text implies that the place is not fancy but it is authentic.
The text implies that the downstairs lounge is a popular place.
The Basement lounge is usually fun to go to.
The downstairs lounge is a popular place to go.
The text implies that Basement lounge is a popular destination.
The text implies that the downstairs lounge is not very popular.
The text implies that basement lounge is not a popular place.
The text implies that the writer recommends the item to others.
The text implies that the person thinks the experience was positive and worth recommending.
The text implies that the speaker did not want the other person to do something.
The text implies that the narrator and a friend were on their way to see the play DOUBT when they found a great restaurant by accident.
The text implies that they were on their way to see a play, and they found a great eatery by accident.
The text implies that the person was on their way to see a play and found a restaurant on the way.
The text implies that the author and their friend had a serendipitous experience at a restaurant.
The text implies that the restaurant was not very good.
The text implies that the eatery was accidentally found by a friend and the writer on their way to see the play DOUBT.
The text implies that the experience was negative.
The text implies that the experience was positive and enjoyable.
The text implies that the shows were entertaining and the dinner was enjoyable.
The text implies that the dining experience is enjoyable.
The text implies that the entertainment was good because it was entertaining throughout the dinner.
The text implies that the service was excellent and the shows were entertaining.
The text implies that the person didn't enjoy the entertainment at the restaurant.
The text implies that the service was bad and that there were loud shows during dinner.
The text implies that the drink was enjoyable.
The text implies that the beverage was good.
The text implies that the drink was delicious.
The text implies that the beverage was tasty and satisfying.
The text implies that the drink was of poor quality.
the beverage was not good
The text implies that the place is popular.
The text implies that the place is popular.
The text implies that the wine list is expensive and that the food is not.
The text implies that the drink selection is expensive, and can easily make a meal that is otherwise reasonably priced, expensive.
The text implies that the drink selection is large and expensive.
The drinks are pricey.
The text implies that the drink selection is large and the price of a drink can be more than the price of an inexpensive dish.
The text implies that the restaurant has a great atmosphere and the staff are friendly.
The text implies that the customer had a bad experience at the restaurant.
The text implies that the service was bad and the atmosphere was not good.
The text implies that the service and ambience at the place was bad.
The text implies that the service and atmosphere are both negative.
The text implies that being crowded is not a negative feature for the speaker.
The text implies that the terrace is a great feature of Suan and that it is a good place to eat during the summer.
The text implies that the martinis were perfectly made.
The text implies that the cocktails were of the right amount of alcohol and sweetness.
The text implies that the martinis were prepared well.
The text implies that the cocktails were of good quality and the people were happy with them.
The text implies that the martinis tasted bad and were not a good choice.
The text implies that the cocktails were bad.
The text implies that the place is a beautiful place to watch the sunset.
The text implies that this spot is a good place to go to relax and enjoy the view.
The text implies that the place is good for seeing the sunset and good for taking out-of-towners.
The text implies that the location is nice and the sunset is beautiful.
The text implies that the place is not a tourist attraction and is a better place for locals.
The place is not welcoming to outsiders but is relaxing.
The text implies that the view is good from the window.
The text implies that the window side table has a good view.
The text implies that the window seat is a nice place to sit.
The text implies that the window side table is the best table at the restaurant.
The text implies that the view from the window is not good.
The text implies that the window side tables are undesirable.
The scenery is beautiful and the food is delicious.
The food is very good and the scenery is very beautiful.
The text implies that the scenery is worth seeing and the food is good.
The text implies that the scenery is beautiful and the food is good.
The text implies that the location of the building is impressive.
The text implies that the building is located at the end of a block that is majestic in appearance.
The text implies that the location is not particularly special or noteworthy.
The text implies that the wine selection is expensive.
The text implies that the most expensive wine listed is $70 or more, and the least expensive wine listed is $30 or more.
The text implies that the wine selection is expensive.
It is a calm atmosphere.
The text implies that the place is a calm and relaxing environment where people can talk and converse.
The text implies that the place is quiet and comfortable.
The text implies that the place is quiet and suitable for conversation.
The restaurant has a beautiful view of the Hudson River and the Statue of Liberty.
The text implies that the wine and the service were both very good.
The text implies that the service was good.
The text implies that the hospitality was of a high standard.
The text implies that the hospitality was very good.
The text implies that the strawberry daiquiries are delicious.
it is a little far from the city center
the place is slightly hard to find
The text implies that the restaurant is not in a popular area, but it is worth traveling to.
The text implies that the spreads and bagels are delicious and that there are a variety of beverages to choose from.
The text implies that the author had a positive experience at the establishment.
The text implies that the bill was too high for the quality of the food.
The text implies that the wine was of good quality.
The text implies that the restaurant has a good view of the Hudson River and the Statue of Liberty.
The eatery has a good view of the Hudson River and the Statue of Liberty.
The restaurant has a nice view.
The eatery has a view of the Hudson River and the Statue of Liberty.
The restaurant has a view of the Hudson River and the Statue of Liberty.
The eatery is not located in a scenic area.
The text implies that the place is located near a theater and offers a beautiful room for dining.
The text implies that the place is located far away from the street and does not experience traffic noise.
The text implies the place is quiet and peaceful.
The text implies that the restaurant is far from the street but there is a lot of traffic noise.
The text implies that the restaurant is a popular place for beer drinkers, and that the food is delicious.
The text implies that the wine list is large and has many options.
The text implies that the drink selection is large and high-quality.
The restaurant has a lot of different drinks to choose from.
The text implies that the drink selection is large and of high quality.
The text implies that the location of the place is easily accessible.
The text implies that the place is well located.
The text implies that the location is not ideal.
The text implies that the seafood is good, the wine list is good, and the menu is always changing.
The text implies that the food at the restaurant is better than the location and ambience.
The text implies that the food at the restaurant is better than the placement and ambience.
The text implies that the place is not in a great location or has a great atmosphere, but the food is good.
The text implies that the placement and atmosphere of the restaurant are not particularly special, but the food is very good.
The text implies that the placement and atmosphere of the restaurant is not very special, but the food makes up for it.
The text implies that the chart house offers a great view of the river in Weehawken.
The text implies that the location of the place is great and convenient.
The text implies that the outdoor atmosphere was wonderful.
The text implies that Saul is a good place to eat.
It implies that the place was too far east.
The text implies that the location is too far away.
The text implies that the location of the place was too close to the east.
The text implies that the view, service, and ambiance are all positive.
The text implies that the scenery, service, and ambiance are all excellent.
The text implies that the scenery is amazing, the service is the best, and the ambiance is wonderful.
