The text implies that the person is not going to eat dessert.
The text implies that the place is loud, has a poor music system, and is expensive.
The text implies that the pizza was large and delicious.
The text implies that the Pad Thai and the appetizer menu items are all delicious.
The text implies that the sushi was cheap and a good deal.
The text implies that the customer was not happy with the service and therefore left a small tip.
The text implies that the food is prepared in a timely and efficient manner.
The text implies that the place is highly recommended.
The text implies that the traditional French decour was pleasant, but that the hall was noisy, which made it difficult to maintain a conversation.
The lox is fresh when it is served
The text implies that the company has the freshest, best variety, and the fastest delivery.
The text implies that the food was so good that everyone ate everything.
The text implies that the atmosphere was so good that the person was willing to ignore any problems.
the service is excellent
The text implies that the restaurant is not like other restaurants in New York City.
The text implies that my boyfriend enjoyed the Prime Rib he ordered.
The manager was rude.
The food is Cantonese and very good.
The text implies that the service was prompt but a little too quick.
The text implies that the braised lamb shank in red wine was a special dish at the restaurant and that it was delicious.
The text implies that the salad is of a high quality and is better than other salads the author has had at fast food restaurants.
the customer enjoyed the restaurant
The text implies that the characters are the most important factor in making the experience enjoyable.
The food was very good, a great deal, and the place itself was great.
The place was calm and enjoyable.
The text implies that the spicy Tuna roll is big, and it is the best one at the price range.
The text implies that the place is not a kid friendly environment.
The text implies that the place is extremely memorable and enjoyable.
The food is good and the service is good.
The text implies that the person has been to the place three times and has had positive experiences every time.
The text implies that the service was not good, even though the staff were pleasant and polite.
The text implies that the person did not think the food was worth the price.
The text implies that the restaurant is not worth visiting.
The text implies that the person enjoyed themselves at the restaurant.
The text implies that the restaurant is a place where you can go and have a good time.
The staff is friendly and helpful.
The text implies that I was pleasantly surprised with something.
The text implies that the waitstaff was accommodating and friendly.
The text implies that the wait staff is good looking and friendly.
The text implies the person had a very bad experience at the place and will not go back.
The text implies that the person enjoyed their experience and would recommend it to others.
The text implies that the trip was enjoyable.
The text implies that the place is always very busy and well liked.
I enjoyed my experience
The text implies that the atmosphere of the establishment is average, but it is reminiscent of a Sushi establishment in Tokyo.
The text implies that the downstairs lounge is a popular attraction.
The text implies that the person believes that the item or experience is good and should be tried.
The text implies that the narrator and his friend found a great restaurant by accident while on their way to see the Pulitzer Prize winning play DOUBT.
The text implies that the speaker will not do something again.
The restaurant has a lot of live entertainment.
The text implies that the drink was enjoyable.
The text implies that the person is happy with the restaurant.
The text implies that the wine list is expensive and can easily add a lot to the price of a meal that would otherwise be reasonably priced.
The restaurant is very good.
The text implies that the service was bad and the atmosphere was not good.
The text implies that the writer does not mind the crowd.
The text implies that the terrace is a great feature of Suan and is a place to enjoy a meal during the summer months.
The text implies that the martinis were acceptable.
The text implies that the place is scenic and offers a nice view.
The text implies that the window view is good.
The text implies that the view and the food at a particular location is spectacular and great.
The location is at the end of a block.
The wines are expensive.
The food is good and the prices are reasonable.
The text implies that the restaurant makes their own sake.
The text implies that the service was very good.
The text implies that the person enjoys strawberry daiquiris.
The text implies that the place is a little bit out of the way but it is worth the trip.
The text implies that the store has a good selection of spreads and beverages, and that the bagels are tasty.
The text implies that the user had a positive experience at the venue.
The text implies that the restaurant's pour-your-own measures of liquers were a nice gesture.
The text implies that the wine was of a high quality.
The restaurant has a view of the Hudson River and the Statue of Liberty
The text implies that the room was beautiful and the meal was delicious.
The text implies that the place is quiet.
The text implies that the restaurant has a large selection of beers, delicious food, and the pumpkin tortellini is the best dish.
The text implies that the wine list is large and includes many different types of wine.
The text implies that the place is close to Bedford ave.
The restaurant offers great seafood, wine list and ever-changing menu.
The text implies that the food is very good, and the location and ambience are not as good.
The chart house has a view from up high that is similar to the view from the river in Weehawken.
The text implies that the location of the place is conveniently located.
The text implies that the person enjoyed sitting outside on the sidewalk watching the world go by.
The text implies that the reviewer believes Saul is in a great neighborhood and has great food.
The text implies that the place is located too far east.
The text implies that the view, service, and ambiance are all excellent.
