The text implies that it has many features and also has a good appearance.
The text implies that the product is very functional and also visually appealing.
The text implies that the device is very useful and also attractive.
The text implies that the product is highly functional and aesthetically pleasing.
The text implies that the device is ugly but is still useful.
The text implies that the item is useful but not visually pleasing.
The text implies that the device is good for entertainment.
The text implies that the device has a screen and can be used for entertainment.
The text implies that the device is a tablet and is able to play apps and watch DVDs.
The text implies that the device is versatile.
The text implies that everything else is okay.
The only thing that can be updated is the clip.
The text implies that the video is the only thing that needs to be changed and the other details are fine.
The text implies that the only thing that can be changed about the situation is the clip.
The text implies that you can update everything except for the video.
Other than the clip, everything is okay and does not need to be updated.
The text implies that the author is not satisfied with the service they received from the company.
The text implies that the person is unhappy with the service they received.
The text implies that the person is frustrated with the repair service.
The text implies that the author is not happy with the service they received.
The text implies that the person is unhappy with the service they received from the company.
The text implies that the person doing the action might not have the best understanding of what they are doing.
The text implies that the hard drive's guarantee will be voided if the person removes the sticker.
The text implies that the hard drive warranty will be voided.
The text implies that the guarantee on the hard drive will be voided if they do something.
The text implies that the warranty on the hard drive is valid.
The text implies that the hard drive may be voided if the hard drive is opened.
The text implies that the product is great, but it has some flaws.
The text implies that the product has some drawbacks, but overall it is great.
The text implies that the item in question has a few drawbacks, but overall is still a good item.
The text implies that the product is great but lacks some features.
The text implies that the phone is great except for the trial software, brief battery time, and absence of a camera.
The text implies that the thing in question is difficult to use.
The text implies that the device is difficult to use, even though it has advanced features.
It is difficult to use and has too many features.
The text implies that the software is difficult to use.
The text implies that the thing is difficult to use.
the price is the best thing about this laptop
The text implies that the laptop is affordable and has some of the newest features.
The text implies that the laptop has a low cost and some new features.
The cost and newer functionalities are the greatest things about this laptop.
The text implies that the author is thinking about whether they should buy the keyboard.
The text implies that the person is not sure if they would like the typewriter because it was highly rated.
The text implies that the keyboard was liked , but not loved .
The text implies that the typewriter was acceptable but not highly rated.
The text implies that the screen brightness is not constant.
The monitor is not manually controlled.
The text implies that the user does not need to adjust the brightness of the screen manually.
The monitor has a feature that automatically adjusts the brightness of the display based on the ambient lighting conditions.
The text implies that the company uses Paralles to run virtual machines of different operating systems.
The text implies that VirtualBox can run various versions of Windows.
VirtualBox runs virtual machines of Windows XP Professional, Windows 7 Home Premium, Windows Server Enterprise 2003, and Windows Server 2008 Enterprise.
The text implies that the author can run different operating systems on a single computer.
We use VirtualBox to run multiple operating systems.
