The text implies that the person was not happy with the tip.
The text implies that the person was not pleased with the tip they received.
The text implies that the customer gave a small tip and that the staff was happy about it.
The text implies that the Mahi Mahi was overcooked.
The text implies that my brother did not enjoy the grilled mahi mahi.
My brother did not enjoy the meal.
The text implies that my brother was unhappy with his meal.
The text implies that my brother did not enjoy his meal because it was slathered in grapefruit juice.
Toons serves authentic Thai food.
Toons offers authentic Asian food.
Toons serves genuine Thai food.
Toons serves genuine Asian food.
Toons serves inauthentic Thai food.
Toons serves inauthentic Asian food.
The text implies that the staff is friendly, despite being young and not always well trained.
The text implies that the staff is young, friendly, and has a story to tell.
The text implies that the team is young and friendly, and that they have a story to tell.
The text implies that Bukhara Grill serves Indian food with a lot of spice.
The text implies that the restaurant is Indian and has a good tagline.
The text implies that the Bukhara Grill is a restaurant that serves Indian food.
The restaurant is Indian.
The text implies that the food at Bukhara Grill is spicy.
The text implies that the restaurant is Indian, and is known for its spicy food.
The text implies that the restaurant is not very good.
The text implies that the person felt as if they had been taken advantage of and had paid too much money.
The text implies that the eatery is a good place to eat.
The text implies that the person does not like the restaurant and would not recommend it.
The text implies that the Bombay beer was large.
The text implies that the beer was large enough to be shared between two people.
The text implies that the Bombay beer was very large.
The text implies that the beer was too big for one person.
The text implies that the Bombay beer was a small size and that it could have been shared by two people.
The text implies that the beer was small.
The text implies that something is considered very good.
The text implies the business is of high quality.
The text implies that the experience was negative.
The text implies that the weather was cool and the atmosphere was enjoyable.
The text implies that the person enjoyed sitting on the sidewalk, watching the world go by, and being in the open air.
The text implies that the person enjoyed the atmosphere of being outdoors on 6th avenue on a cool evening.
The text implies that the person was pleased with the experience of sitting on the sidewalk watching the world go by on a cool evening.
The text implies that the outdoor atmosphere was cold and unpleasant.
The text implies that the speaker did not enjoy sitting on the sidewalk.
The text implies that the management is very bad and that the place deserves to be shut down.
The text implies that the administration is very bad and that the place deserves to be shut down.
The food at the place is good and the drinks are delicious.
The food is delicious
The text implies that the restaurant has good food and drinks.
The food and drinks are good.
The text implies that the drinks were more expensive than expected.
The text implies that the prices for the wines were too high.
The text implies that the drinks are very expensive.
The text implies that the wines were expensive.
The text implies that the drinks are not very expensive.
The text implies that the prices of the wines were not expensive.
The text implies that the location is at the end of a block that is grand or of high quality.
The location is upscale.
The text implies that the location is not in a desirable area.
The text implies that the wine list was extensive but the staff were not able to recommend good wine pairings.
The text implies that the wine menu was large, but the staff was not knowledgeable about wine pairings.
The wine menu was expensive and the staff were not very knowledgeable about wine pairings.
The text implies that the wine was overpriced and the waiters were not knowledgeable about wine pairings.
The waiters at the restaurant may not be able to suggest the right wine to go with your meal.
The text implies that the previous reviewer, lonk, had a negative experience at Saul.
the food is good
The previous reviewer may have gone to a different Saul restaurant.
The text implies that the reviewer is not sure where lonk dined but that Saul is in a neat area and has great cuisine.
The text implies that the reviewer lonk dined somewhere else than Saul, and that Saul is in a neat area and has good cuisine.
The text implies that the characters are the main attraction of the experience.
The text implies that the people are friendly and make the experience enjoyable.
The text implies that the characters are a positive part of the experience.
the people make the experience fun
The text implies that the characters are unpleasant and annoying.
The text implies that the people were rude, unpleasant, or uncooperative.
The text implies that the place is a BISTRO, which is a restaurant serving simple dishes and wine in a bustling atmosphere.
The text implies that the place is a Bistro, where people can get simple meals and wine in a bustling atmosphere.
The text implies that the place is a restaurant with a casual atmosphere and a menu of simple, moderately priced dishes.
The text implies that the restaurant is a fast food restaurant that serves plain meals and wine.
Rice Avenue is a trendy restaurant that offers good food at affordable prices.
The text implies that Rice Avenue is a restaurant with a trendy atmosphere, good food, and friendly staff.
The text implies that the restaurant is similar to those found in Manhattan, but cheaper and more casual.
The text implies that Rice Avenue is a trendy and friendly restaurant with good food and reasonable prices. It is similar to restaurants in Soho, Village, and Upper West Side in Manhattan, but is less expensive and has a less pretentious clientele.
The text implies that the restaurant is a pleasant place to eat with affordable prices and friendly staff.
The place Hampton Chutney Co. is not very good.
The text implies that the drink tasted like it was missing tequila.
The drink is not as strong as expected.
The text implies that the person liked the taste of the drink.
The text implies that there is a nice view of the river and NYC.
The text implies that the person saw a nice view of the river and NYC.
The text implies that the view of the river and NYC is excellent.
The text implies that there is a good view of the river and NYC.
The view is unpleasant.
The text implies that the sight of the river and NYC was unpleasant.
