The text implies that the device is very functional, and also visually pleasing.
The text implies that the device is very functional and has a pleasing appearance.
The text implies that the item is very useful and looks great.
The text implies that the item is very useful and aesthetically pleasing.
The text implies that the item in question is functional but unattractive.
The text implies that the device is quite functional, but not very aesthetically pleasing.
The text implies that the device is good for both entertainment and social media.
The text implies that the device is capable of playing apps on Facebook or watching films.
The text implies that the device is acceptable for using apps on Facebook and for watching films.
The text implies that the tablet is good enough for basic use, such as checking social media and watching videos.
The text implies that the video is the only part of the content that can be updated, and other than that the content is complete.
The text implies that only the file needs to be updated.
The text implies that everything is in order except for the video.
The text implies that the only thing that needs to be changed is the file.
The text implies that the video is the only thing that can be removed from the project.
The text implies that everything is fine, except for the file.
The text implies that I am not happy with the service I received.
The text implies that the computer company did not fix the computer properly.
The text implies that the computer company was not able to fix the computer and also broke the DVD player.
the person is upset
The text implies that the person is upset and disappointed with the service they received.
The text implies that the writer is not entirely convinced that opening the hard drive will invalidate the warranty.
The text implies that the hard drive warranty will be voided if you perform a specific action.
The text implies that the hard drive's warranty will be voided if the hard drive is opened.
The text implies that the speaker was told that voiding the guarantee on the hard drive will have some consequences, but the speaker does not understand why.
The text implies that the person does not understand why the process will validate the warranty but is going to do it anyway.
There is no guarantee for the hard drive.
The text implies that the product is great, but it has some flaws.
The text implies that the product has some drawbacks, but overall it is great.
The text implies that the item in question has a few drawbacks, but overall is still a good item.
The text implies that the product is great but lacks some features.
The text implies that the phone is great except for the trial software, brief battery time, and absence of a camera.
The text implies that the thing in question is difficult to use.
The text implies that the device is difficult to use, even though it has advanced features.
It is difficult to use and has too many features.
The text implies that the software is difficult to use.
The text implies that the thing is difficult to use.
the price is the best thing about this laptop
The text implies that the laptop is affordable and has some of the newest features.
The text implies that the laptop has a low cost and some new features.
The cost and newer functionalities are the greatest things about this laptop.
The text implies that the author has lost confidence in Sony's support.
The text implies that the speaker is very disappointed with Sony and that they are considering giving up on the company.
The text implies that the person has a negative opinion of Sony.
The text implies that the service is atrocious.
The text implies that Sony's support is excellent and that their machine is also excellent.
The text implies that the writer is unhappy with Sony's service and that their opinion of Sony is declining.
The Toshiba laptop is user friendly.
The text implies that the user is not satisfied with the Mac.
The text implies that the software is not compatible with Mac and that Pages is not worth the price.
The text implies that the software is not compatible with the Mac and the Pages software is overpriced.
The text implies that the software is not compatible with Macs and Pages is not worth the price.
The text implies that the person is not completely happy with the Mac, and that they do not feel that the Pages program is worth the cost.
The text implies that the hardware of the computer is damaged.
HP is not a reliable company.
The text implies that the hardware in the device is not working properly and that the device is not able to connect to the internet or other devices.
The text implies that the equipment is not working properly.
The text implies that the hardware of the HP device has been fixed.
The text implies that the device is working properly but cannot connect to the internet.
The battery is a problem for the speaker.
The text implies that the energy of the place is low.
The text implies that the battery has a problem.
The text implies that the energy level of the place is a problem.
The battery is a non-issue for the person.
The text implies that the energy of the car is not a concern.
The text implies that the AC power port will not be able to stay firmly in place over time.
The text implies that the Asus facial recognition and windows logon features are not working.
The text implies that Asus biometrics and windows logon does not work.
The text implies that both the Asus biometrics and the Windows logon are not working.
The text implies that the login process is not working.
The computer is slow.
The text implies that the product is not user friendly.
The text implies that the speaker is unhappy with the purchase.
The text implies that the customer was not informed about all the details before purchasing this product.
The text implies that the person was not able to use the product immediately after purchasing it.
The text implies that the speaker is frustrated that they were not able to purchase a common interface device at the store and will have to wait to receive the device in the mail.
The text implies that the adapter was not included with the purchase.
The Macbooks are more expensive but higher quality.
Macbooks cost more than Dell laptops, but are a better value for the money.
The Macbooks are better than Dell laptops.
The text implies that Macbooks are more expensive than Dell laptops, but they are worth the extra cost.
The text implies that the Macbooks are worth the money spent on them.
MacBooks are more expensive than Dell laptops, but they are still worth the price.
The text implies that the keyboard was rated highly but the person was unsure if they would like it.
The text implies that the person was unsure about whether they would like the laptop.
The text implies that the keyboard was highly rated and the person tried it at the store.
The person is unsure if they would like the laptop .
The text implies that the speaker is satisfied with the performance of the laptop.
The text implies that the person is satisfied with their Mac laptop.
The text implies that the Mac laptops are well designed for gaming, email, and internet, but not for other applications.
The text implies that the hard drive was not able to keep up with the amount of data that was being stored on it.
The computer was defective.
The text implies that the computer was not reliable.
The text implies that the computer is not reliable.
The text implies that the hard disk of the computer had to be replaced in the first month of owning the computer.
The text implies that the game is both visually appealing and safe to use.
The text implies that the visuals and security are great and that the place is perfect.
The text implies that the place has excellent visuals and security, which makes it perfect.
The text implies that something is very good because it is visually appealing and safe.
The text implies that the product has great visuals and is safe.
The text implies that the device is not expensive and has a large screen.
The games included are enjoyable to play.
The text implies that the activities included are fun and enjoyable.
The text implies that the games included are fun and enjoyable to play.
The text implies that the activities included are enjoyable and worthwhile.
The text implies that the games included are of poor quality.
The text implies that the activities included are not enjoyable or beneficial.
The text implies that the product is not as good as it could be, despite the attractive price and quality screen.
The text implies that the monitor is not as good as one would expect for the price.
The text implies that the monitor is not as satisfying as it should be considering the price.
The monitor is not as good as expected, but it is still a good value for the price.
The text implies that the price-performance ratio of the monitor is unsatisfactory.
The text implies that the monitor is not good even though it is attractive and has a fair price.
The text implies that the printer software is a desirable feature.
The text implies that the software is appealing.
The text implies that other installed attributes are also appealing, such as certain printer software.
Other installed attributes , such as specific printer applications , are also desirable .
The text implies that the user likes things to be organized and efficient.
The text implies that the person is happy with their MacBook Pro.
The text implies that the user likes their MacBook Pro and that they are a neat and organized person.
The text implies that the person who wrote it is organized and likes things to be neat.
MacConnection has the best prices.
The text implies that the screen brightness is not adjustable by hand.
The text implies that we can run Windows XP Professional, Windows 7 Home Premium, Windows Server Enterprise 2003, and Windows Server 2008 Enterprise on Parallels.
The text implies that the company uses VMware to run virtual machines of Windows XP Professional, Windows 7 Home Premium, Windows Server Enterprise 2003, and Windows Server 2008 Enterprise.
Windows XP , Windows 7 , Windows Server 2003 and Windows Server 2008 are supported.
The text implies that the person has a lot of computers
The text implies that they use VMWare to operate virtual machines of Windows XP, Windows 7 Home Premium, Windows Server Enterprise 2003, and Windows Server 2008 Enterprise
The text implies that there is no need to buy Office for Mac since the pre-installed programs are just as good.
The text implies that the software is not worth buying.
The text implies that the Office compatible software is not worth the money because it is not a good program.
The text implies that you should not buy the program because it is expensive and the built in programs are just as good.
The program is a good alternative to Office but lacks a number of features.
The text implies that it does not need to be purchased.
The mouse on the pad is malfunctioning.
The text implies that the left button of the trackball on the pad is inoperable.
The trackball has a left button that snags.
The trackball is not usable.
The text implies that the motherboard and fan were broken.
The text implies that the logic board and some fan inside the computer were replaced.
The text implies that the logic board and some fan inside were repaired.
The text implies that the device was repaired.
The text implies that when you buy a laptop, you don't get all of the software that you need.
The text implies that you should buy a laptop that has all the features you need.
The text implies that laptops do not come with all the necessary software.
The text implies that standard laptops do not come with all the necessary software and that users have to purchase it separately.
Toshiba does not offer good warranty service.
The text implies that Toshiba does not care about their customers when it comes time for warranty repairs.
The text implies that Toshiba has a bad warranty service.
The text implies that Toshiba does not care about its customers' experience with warranty repairs.
The text implies that the person had a difficult experience getting their computer fixed by Acer.
The text implies that Acer's customer service is poor.
The text implies that the narrator had a difficult time communicating with Acer customer service.
The person is not happy with the service they received from Acer.
The text implies that the speaker finds the Apple keyboard better than the PC keyboard.
The text implies that the Mac keyboard is worth adjusting to.
The text implies that the difference between the Mac and PC keyboards was noticeable, but that the Mac keyboard was ultimately worth it.
The text implies that it took a little bit of time to adjust to the Mac keyboard but it was worth it.
The text implies that the notebook is new and has software problems.
The text implies that the notebook is new and that it is likely to have issues related to updates.
The text implies that the notebook is unreliable, and that it is not worth buying.
The text implies that the notebook is new and should not have so many updates.
The text implies that the person is not happy.
The text implies that the guarantee will no longer be in effect next month.
The text implies that the warranty for the product is coming to an end soon.
The text implies that the person's guarantee is about to expire.
