The text implies that the item in question is well-designed and functional.
The text implies that the tablet is a good device for entertainment.
The video is the only thing that can be changed.
The text implies that the customer's computer was not fixed properly.
The text implies that the speaker is not sure why the warranty will be invalidated, but they are accepting it anyway.
The text implies that the product is generally good, but it has a few flaws.
The text implies that the software is difficult to use.
The price of the laptop is low and it has some new features.
The text implies that the person is not happy with Sony.
The text implies that the Toshiba laptop is easy to use and the other laptops were not as easy to use.
The text implies that the user does not like Macs.
The text implies that the hardware on the device was faulty and it was unable to connect to the internet or another device.
The text implies that the battery is a problem with the product.
The text implies that the AC power port may become loose over time.
The text implies that the Asus facial recognition and windows logon are not working.
The computer is not fast.
The text implies that the speaker is annoyed with the product.
The text implies that the price of the Macbooks is higher than Dell laptops, but that the Macbooks are worth the extra money.
The text implies that the keyboard was recommended and was okay.
The text implies that the user is very happy with their Mac laptop.
The text implies that the hard drive was not able to handle the amount of information that was being stored on it.
The computer is not reliable.
The text implies that the product has great graphics and is secure.
The text implies that the computer is smaller than a netbook but is the same price.
The games are of high quality.
The text implies that the product is not as good as expected, despite its price and screen quality.
The text implies that the printer software is a desirable feature of the product.
The text implies that the person is organized and likes things to be clean and easy to use.
The text implies that MacConnection has the best price.
The text implies that the screen brightness is not manually adjusted.
The text implies that the software Paralles allows users to run multiple operating systems on one computer.
The text implies that the mac is not worth the money as it is just a re-skinned version of office.
The mouse on the pad has a problem with the left button.
The text implies that the computer was still under warranty and that it was repaired.
The text implies that laptops are often sold without the necessary software installed, and that the user must purchase these programs separately.
The text implies that Toshiba does not care about its customers when it comes time for warranty service.
Acer customer service is poor.
The text implies that there is a difference between the Apple keyboard and the PC keyboard.
The text implies that the notebook had updates that were not properly installed.
The text implies that the warranty is about to expire.
