The text implies that the product is useful and visually appealing.
The text implies that the item is very functional and visually appealing.
The text implies that the device in question is functional and aesthetically pleasing.
The text implies that the item is useful and attractive.
The text implies that the item does everything that we could ever need, and is not attractive.
The text implies that the item is functional but not aesthetically pleasing.
The text implies that the device is good for multi-tasking.
The text implies that the device is fast enough to play apps and videos.
The text implies that the device is user friendly and easy to operate.
The text implies that the device is good for running apps and watching videos.
The text implies that everything is fine except the video.
The text implies that the movie is the only thing that needs updating.
The text implies that the video is the only thing that can be changed in the project.
The text implies that the movie may be changed but everything else has been confirmed.
The text implies that other than the video, the person is ready to go.
The text implies that the movie is the only thing that could be out of date.
The text implies that the computer was not fixed properly and now the CD drive is not working.
The text implies that the person is unhappy with the service they received from the company.
The text implies that the person is not satisfied with the service they received.
The text implies that the computer was not fixed, and that the DVD drive was not working.
The computer is still broken.
The text implies that the narrator does not understand why the warranty on the hard drive will be invalidated, but they are still doing it anyway.
The text implies that the warranty on the hard drive will not be valid if the hard drive is modified.
The text implies that the hard drive may not be covered by the warranty if it is removed.
The text implies that the warranty on the hard drive will be voided if something is done.
The text implies that the speaker is not sure why doing this will validate the warranty on the hard drive, but they are going to do it anyway.
The text implies that the hard drive's warranty will be voided if the user does something specific.
The text implies that the product is great, but it has some flaws.
The text implies that the product has some drawbacks, but overall it is great.
The text implies that the item in question has a few drawbacks, but overall is still a good item.
The text implies that the product is great but lacks some features.
The text implies that the phone is great except for the trial software, brief battery time, and absence of a camera.
The text implies that the thing in question is difficult to use.
The text implies that the device is difficult to use, even though it has advanced features.
It is difficult to use and has too many features.
The text implies that the software is difficult to use.
The text implies that the thing is difficult to use.
the price is the best thing about this laptop
The text implies that the laptop is affordable and has some of the newest features.
The text implies that the laptop has a low cost and some new features.
The cost and newer functionalities are the greatest things about this laptop.
The text implies that the agent is unhappy with Sony's support and that the agent's opinion of Sony is declining.
The text implies that the agent is unhappy with Sony's servicing and that the agent's opinion of Sony is declining.
The text implies that the person does not like Sony products because of the poor support.
The text implies that the author's opinion of Sony has been declining and that this machine has caused it to decline even further.
The text implies that the speaker does not like Sony and that their opinion of the company is deteriorating.
The text implies that the author's opinion of Sony has been decreasing.
The text implies that the Toshiba laptop is user-friendly.
The text implies that the laptop is the easiest to operate that the author has tried.
The Toshiba laptop is easier to use than the other laptops.
The Toshiba laptop is easy to use.
The Toshiba laptop is difficult to operate.
The text implies that the Toshiba laptop is not as easy to use as other laptops the user has tried.
The text implies that the person does not like Macs.
the software is not compatible with Mac
The software the author uses is not compatible with Mac and the author does not think it is worth the price.
The text implies that the person is unsure about whether or not they would like the keyboard.
The text implies that the piano was high quality and the person was happy with it.
The text implies that the person was unsure about whether or not to buy the keyboard, but was ultimately happy with their decision.
The text implies that the piano was expensive and the person was unsure if they would like it .
The text implies that the user is satisfied with the performance of the laptop.
The text implies that the person is satisfied with the Mac laptop .
The text implies that the author is confident in the quality of all applications on the laptop.
The text implies that the person likes the Mac laptop and that they are confident in the quality of the other programs that come with it.
The text implies that the person is satisfied with the Mac laptop.
The text implies that the person believes that all other programs on the laptop are of low quality.
The text implies that the graphics and security of something are considered to be perfect.
The text implies that the product is great and you should buy it.
The text implies that the product has good security and design.
The text implies that the product has excellent design and safety security, and that the author is satisfied with it.
The text implies that the thing is perfect.
The size is small.
The text implies that the price of the item is similar to that of a netbook, but the item is still a full size computer.
The text implies that the price of the device is similar to that of a netbook, but that the device is not small.
The text implies that the product has the same dimensions as a netbook, but is at a similar price.
the product is expensive
The text implies that the item is overpriced for its value.
The text implies that the screen brightness of the device is adjustable and is set automatically.
The screen brightness is not something you have to control manually.
The text implies that the screen brightness of a device can be adjusted automatically based on the amount of light in the environment.
The screen brightness of the device adjusts to the ambient light.
The text implies that we use Paralles to run virtual machines of Windows XP Professional, Windows 7 Home Premium, Windows Server Enterprise 2003, and Windows Server 2008 Enterprise.
The text implies that the user is running virtual machines on Parallels.
Parallels is used to run virtual machines.
The text implies that we can run virtual machines of Windows Vista Business, Windows 7 Home Premium, Windows Server Enterprise 2003, and Windows Server 2008 Enterprise.
The text implies that the writer uses Parallels to run virtual machines.
The text implies that the Office program is not worth buying because it is not as good as the pre-installed Mac programs.
the functionalities are not the same
The text implies that the software is not worth purchasing because it is not as user-friendly as the pre-installed Mac programs.
The text implies that the Office compatible programs are not that useful and that it is better to learn the pre installed Mac programs.
The text implies that the mouse is not working properly.
The mouse on the trackball has a problem with the left button.
The text implies that the left button of the mouse on the trackball is faulty.
The text implies that the primary button on the trackball is not functioning properly.
