The text implies that the customer was not satisfied with the service they received.
The text implies that the person who received the tip was not satisfied with its size.
The text implies that the tip was small compared to the service that was given.
The text implies that my brother was unhappy with his food .
The text implies that my brother had a negative experience.
The text implies that my brother did not enjoy his meal.
The text implies that the grilled salmon was not a good choice for my brother.
The text implies that my brother did not enjoy his meal.
Toons serves authentic Thai food.
Toons serves authentic Japanese food.
Toons serves genuine Thai food.
Toons serves genuine Japanese food.
Toons serves inauthentic Thai food.
Toons serves Japanese food.
The text implies that the staff is young, friendly, and has stories to tell.
The text implies that the employees are young, friendly, and have stories to tell.
The text implies that the employees are friendly and have their own stories.
The text implies that Bukhara Grill is a restaurant that serves Indian food.
The Indian Food House is a good place to eat Indian food.
The text implies that Bukhara Grill is an Indian restaurant.
The text implies that the restaurant serves Indian food.
Bukhara Grill is a restaurant that serves Indian food.
Indian Food House is a restaurant that serves Indian food.
The text implies that the people were unwelcoming and not very nice.
The text implies that the employees are not friendly and sometimes rude.
The text implies that the person likes the people.
The text implies that the restaurant was very bad.
The text implies that the eatery is not a good place to eat.
The text implies that the person does not like the restaurant and would not recommend it.
The beer was large enough to share.
The Guinness was large.
The Bombay beer was very large.
The text implies that the Guinness was a large drink and could be shared by two people.
The text implies that the Bombay beer was a single serving.
The text implies that the Guinness was a small size.
The text implies that the host and his crew are kind and friendly.
The proprietor and his crew are friendly and attentive .
The text implies that the proprietor and his crew are very friendly and welcoming.
Vittorio is a great proprietor of a not-so-little gem.
The text implies that the proprietor, Vittorio, is very welcoming and that he has a good memory.
The text implies that the thing is of a high quality.
The text implies that one of the supreme 
The text implies that the experience was negative and undesirable.
The text implies that the outdoor atmosphere of sitting on the sidewalk watching the world go by 50 feet away on 6th avenue on a cool evening was wonderful.
It was a pleasant experience to sit at a sidewalk cafe on 6th Avenue on a cool evening and watch the people go by.
The text implies that the person felt calm and content while watching the world go by on a cool evening.
The alfresco atmosphere of sitting on the sidewalk watching the world go by 50 feet away on 6th avenue on a cool evening was blissful.
The text implies that the atmosphere of sitting on the sidewalk watching the world go by on 6th avenue on a cool evening was unpleasant.
The text implies that the person sitting on the sidewalk was not enjoying the atmosphere.
The text implies that the food was decent and not great.
The text implies that the lemon salad was too peppery and the meal was decent but not great.
The text implies that the lemon salad was too peppery and that the meal was adequate, but not great.
The text implies that the management of the place is bad and should be shut down.
The text implies that the administration of the place is bad and should be shut down.
The dim sum is expensive but still good.
The dumplings are expensive but worth the price.
The text implies that the dumplings are worth buying despite their high price.
The text implies that the food is well-prepared and tasty, and that the drinks are especially delicious.
the food is good and the drinks are delicious
The food and drinks are of high quality.
The food and drinks are of high quality.
The text implies that Saul is the best restaurant on Smith Street and in Brooklyn.
Carmine's is a highly rated restaurant on Smith Street and Brooklyn.
Saul is a restaurant on Smith Street and in Brooklyn, and it is the finest restaurant on those places.
Carmine's is ranked higher than any other restaurant in Brooklyn.
The text implies that the restaurant Saul is the worst in the areas of Smith Street and Brooklyn.
The text implies that Carmine's has the worst food on Smith Street and in Brooklyn.
The text implies that the restaurant is affordable, has great food, and good service.
The text implies that the restaurant is good in every aspect.
The text implies that the business is very good in quality.
The text implies that the person was suspicious of how empty the restaurant was.
The text implies that the last time the person walked by the place, it did not look busy.
The text implies that the restaurant is popular.
The text implies that the price of the drinks is too high.
The text implies that the beverages are expensive.
The drinks are very expensive.
The drinks were too expensive.
The drinks are very affordable.
The text implies that the price of beverages was reasonable.
The text implies that the restaurant is considered to be very good.
The text implies that the restaurant is one of the best in the area.
The text implies that the restaurant is not good.
The text implies that the block is large and impressive.
The text implies that the restaurant is located at the end of a block that has a stately appearance.
The text implies that the place is not in a good location.
The text implies that the wine list was large and varied, but the staff did not seem to be very knowledgeable about which wines would go well with specific foods.
The text implies that the menu was full of choices, but the staff was not very knowledgeable about wine pairings.
The menu has a large selection of food options, but the staff may not be as knowledgeable about wines as they should be.
The text implies that the menu had a wide variety of items but the waiters were not knowledgeable about what wine to pair with the food.
The menu was wide-ranging, but the waiters did not seem informed about wine pairings.
The text implies that Saul is in a great neighborhood and has great food.
The text implies that the Saul has a good atmosphere and food.
The text implies that the previous reviewer had a negative experience at Saul, but that the author had a positive experience.
The text implies that the person was not at the same restaurant as the previous reviewer, lonk, and that they had a good experience at Saul.
The text implies that the place is good for a one-time special occasion.
The text implies that something is only available for a limited time.
The text implies that the place is not suitable for a special occasion.
The text implies that the characters in the story are interesting and fun to read about.
The text implies that the people who work at the place are fun and make the experience enjoyable.
The text implies that the characters are amusing and entertaining.
The text implies that the people there are entertaining and fun.
The text implies that the characters of the movie are not interesting and the movie is therefore boring.
The text implies that the people were not interesting or engaging.
The place offers simple dishes and wine in a bustling atmosphere.
The text implies that the place is a casual, fast-paced restaurant with a limited menu.
The text implies that the place is a restaurant that serves simple food and wine in a busy atmosphere.
The text implies that the place has a lively atmosphere and serves simple food and wine.
The text implies that Rice Avenue is a restaurant that offers good food and friendly staff, and is located in a trendy part of Manhattan.
The text implies that the atmosphere of Rice Avenue is trendy and friendly.
Rice Avenue is a great restaurant in Roosevelt Avenue, that has a great atmosphere, good food, and friendly staff.
Rice Avenue has amazing ambience, good cuisine, cheap prices, friendly staff, and makes you feel like you're in a Manhattan restaurant.
The text implies that Rice Avenue is a restaurant in Roosevelt Avenue that provides a classy Manhattan experience at a reasonable price.
The text implies that the place Hampton Chutney Co. has a negative review.
The text implies that the place has style but lacks substance.
The text implies that the drink was not as strong as it should have been.
The text implies that the margarita was lacking tequila.
The text implies that the drink was made correctly and contained tequila.
The text implies that the wine and the service were good.
The text implies that the beer and the service were both good.
The text implies that the beer and service was very good.
The text implies that both the beer and hospitality were great.
The restaurant is focused on providing excellent food and service in a pleasant atmosphere.
The text implies that the restaurant is a simple establishment that focuses on providing good food and service in a pleasant atmosphere.
The text implies that the restaurant is focused on providing good food and service.
The restaurant is focused on giving a great customer experience.
The place is not spacious but the food is delicious.
The text implies that the restaurant is small and the food is good.
The restaurant is small and cramped, but the food is great.
The text implies that the sake menu is good and worth trying.
The text implies that the wine list is excellent.
The text implies that the sake menu is highly recommended.
The wine list is good and should be tried
The sake menu is good.
The text implies that the wine list is very good.
The text implies that the open kitchen is a positive aspect of the restaurant.
The text implies that the restaurant may be a bit warm at times, but that the galley is part of what makes it charming.
The inside of the restaurant is warm, but that is part of its appeal.
The galley is part of the appeal , but it can get warm inside the eatery .
The galley is part of the appeal of the eatery despite the fact that it can be hot inside.
The text implies that the wine is of good quality and that the prices are fair.
The text implies that the price of beer was reasonable and the beer was acceptable.
The text implies that the beer is not bad and the prices are not too high.
The text implies that there is a large variety of wines available at a reasonable price.
The text implies that the wine menu is long and varied, but not too expensive.
The text implies that the wine menu is diverse and comprehensive, but not expensive.
The text implies that the view of the river and NYC is pleasant.
The text implies that the view of the river and NYC is good.
The text implies that the view is relaxing and enjoyable.
A panorama that is pleasant and that includes the river and NYC.
the view of the river and NYC was unpleasant
The view of the river and NYC is poor.
The text implies that the location of the place was too far east.
The text implies that the place is too far east for the writer.
The text implies that the person went east, but not far enough east.
The text implies that the place is hidden and hard to find , but that once you are inside , the atmosphere is so relaxing that you will forget that you are in a city .
The text implies that the venue is somewhat hidden and that it has a zen and intimate décor.
The text implies that the venue is difficult to find but once inside, it feels tranquil and secluded.
The text implies that the venue is difficult to find and the decor is relaxing.
The text implies that the venue is hard to find, but once you get there, the atmosphere is relaxing and intimate.
The students love Suan.
The text implies that students enjoy Suan and will continue to use it.
Hutner College students like Suan because it is close to campus and has good prices.
The text implies that the students like the apartment and enjoy their stay there.
The text implies that the apartment is located near to Hutner College and has affordable prices.
The text implies that the place has great food, wine list, and service in a great neighborhood.
The text implies that the cuisine, wine list, and service are all excellent, and that the restaurant is located in a great neighborhood.
the restaurant is highly rated
the restaurant is in a good area
The customer was happy with the service.
The text implies that the person had a good experience at the restaurant.
The text implies that the person had a great experience.
The text implies that the restaurant is very good.
The restaurant was great.
